		    README for video programming examples

This directory has example video programs for the SGI Video Library.

The example programs are contcapt, mtov, simpleblend, simplewipe, simplev2v,
vidtomem, videoin, colorcapture, colorposterize, simplegrab, simplem2v, 
simplev2s, simpleccapt and eventex. 

The first nine examples provide command line options for selecting
the video device used.

The examples simpleblend, simplewipe and simplev2v are designed for Galileo,
Impact and Octane digital video.

NOTE: In order to keep some of the examples as simple as possible event 
handling is not implemented in most of them. This means the examples
will not update their windows if they are moved.


contcapt:    
--------

Contcapt continuously captures a stream of live video to 
memory. Command line options provide the ability to set the 
number of memory buffers used in capture, set the number of 
frames to be captured, choose whether to display the video 
in a window on the computer's display, set the frame geometry 
and zoom ratio, set the frame rate and to report statistics
on frame rate.


simpleblend:
-----------

Simpleblend blends a screen source and a video source and 
displays the blended result in a window on the computer's 
display and on video output.  Use the utility, keyctls, 
to set/change blender keying parameters.  Use "ipaste" or other
utility to put the RGB image in colorwheel.rgb onto the screen
region where simpleblend gets its graphics input: it can help
in becoming familiar with the effects of the luma-key and
chroma-key controls.  Simpleblend requires video hardware with
a video output port.


simplewipe:
---------

Simplewipe spatially blends video with graphics over time. It 
shows the output in a graphics window and on video out.
With your mouse positioned in the graphics window containing
your blended video, the "w" key executes a rectangular zoom
wipe. This application only runs on video hardware that has
a video output port.


vidtomem:
--------

Vidtomem captures a stream of video to memory and disk. 
Command line options provide the ability to set the filename 
of the file to receive the video data, disable writing the 
video data to disk, set frame size and zoom ratio and set
the output mode (RGB or YUV).


videoin:
--------

Videoin captures an incoming stream of video to the screen.
Command line options provide the ability to set the initial 
position of the window, turn off window borders, set the zoom
ratio and the window title. Use the arrow keys to pan when
the screen window is smaller than the video (after resizing
the window, for example). Use the + and - keys to zoom the
video.

colorcapture:
-------------

Colorcapture is a simple continuous capture application very similar
to simpleccapt, but by using the Color Space Library, allows the
setting of contrast, brightness, saturation, hue, and image
orientation.

colorposterize:
---------------

Colorposterize is a simple continuous capture application very similar
to simpleccapt, but by using the Color Space Library, allows the
setting of posterization level and image size.


The following example programs appear in the Programmers' Guide. 

simplegrab:
----------

Simplegrab grabs a frame of video to memory and the computer's
display.


simplem2v:
---------

Simplem2v gets a frame of YUV422 image data from memory and sends it out 
the video output port.  Simplem2v requires video hardware with
a video output port.


simplev2s:
---------

Simplev2s displays video in a window on the computer's display.


simpleccapt:
-----------

Simpleccapt is a simple continuous capture application.


simplev2v:
---------

Simplev2v takes video in and sends it to the video output port.
Simplev2v requires video hardware with a video output port.


eventex:
-------

Eventex demonstrates a simple event loop in a VL application.

mtov:
----

Mtov is a simple example program that plays a movie-library movie out
the video output port.  Mtov requires video hardware with a video
output port.
