comptodsk & dsktodecomp
-----------------------
2:1 compressed data to disk in real-time (*)

These example programs demonstrate how an application can get very low
compression ratio data to and from disk, given a hardware configuration
that supports those data rates.

When data compression ratios approach 2:1, the compressed data stream is
approximately 10MB per second to disk, and the default disk subsystem of
an Indigo2 is not capable of sustaining a such high data rate.  
Fortunately, there are some specialized disk configurations that will
sustain these data rates in an Indigo2.

The hardware configuration that was used to verify these programs was a
250MHz Indigo2 with four disk drives and 128MB RAM.
  1x  1GB Seagate ST31200, system disk, efs filesystem, dks0d1
  3x  2GB Quantum XP32150, striped xlv, xfs filesystem, dks0d2, dks0d3, dks1d2

Two 2GB and the system drive are installed inside the Indigo2 chassis,
and one 2GB is in an external enclosure on the external SCSI bus.

The three 2GB disks are configured as a single striped xlv, with a
stripe unit of 128KB.  A single, normal xfs filesystem is built on
top of the xlv.

No other system activities are performed while the program is running.
Any activities that utilize the SCSI busses will cause contention for
the SCSI bus, and lower the achieved bandwidth to disk, which will result
in dropped or repeated fields.

The examples use Direct I/O to avoid data copies and avoid using the
buffer cache.  Direct I/O introduces a set of restrictions on the size
of reads and writes to a file.  Because of these restrictions, the file
format used by these examples is incompatible with the dmplay and 
dmrecord applets (the dmplay and dmrecord applets are not able to
sustain low compression ratio capture or playback).  For more information
on Direct I/O, look at the fcntl(2) and open(2) man pages.

The file format used by these applications is a simple file header block
followed by continguous JPEG compressed fields.  No effort is made to
captured the sizes of the individual fields, or to capture audio along
with the video.

comptodsk
  comptodsk -f outfile [-c n_images] [-q quality] [-b bitrate] [-v vin_node]
	-f outfile	output (captured data) file name
	-c n_images	number of fields to capture
	-q quality	JPEG quality factor (25-100)
	-b bitrate	bits per second (overrides quality setting)
	-v vin_node	video input node

for capture of 2:1 compressed NTSC video from analog video input:
  comptodsk -f outfile -q 90 -b 87000000 -v 4


dsktodecomp
  dsktodecomp -f infile [-E] [-v vout_node]
	-f infile	input file
	-v vout_node	video output node
	-E		exit without prompt at end of mjfif file
