
	    README for IMPACT Video Programming Examples
            --------------------------------------------

This directory has examples of video programs for the IMPACT
Video card.  This is a small set of examples that are IMPACT
specific.

impact_alpha:
------------

This is a example of how to pass the alpha data from the screen
to the video output. The outputs are: Screen Pixel = Video Out 1,
and Screen Alpha = Video Out 2. Use any graphics program that
writes the alpha bits to provide a source. The testpattern 
program can be setup to create ramps and bars in the alpha bits.

fb:
---
This is demo of the Frame Buffer node.  A wipe is setup
that uses half of the window directly from the video src
and the other half "through" the frame buffer.  This
creates a time shift.  Video that is "still" looks correct
and "moving" video looks special.

You can use the Vcp to freeze the frame buffer node and
see the effect of a freeze.

This code is written with set-connection operations for
the blender as an example of how to set up a "special"
path.

contcapt:    
--------

Contcapt continuously captures a stream of live video to 
memory. Command line options provide the ability to set the 
number of memory buffers used in capture, set the number of 
frames to be captured, choose whether to display the video 
in a window on the computer's display, set the frame geometry 
and zoom ratio, set the frame rate and to report statistics
on frame rate.

simpleblend:
-----------

Simpleblend blends a screen source and a video source and 
displays the blended result in a window on the computer's 
display and on video output.  Use the Video Panel (Vcp), 
to set/change blender keying parameters.  Use "ipaste" or other
utility to put the RGB image in colorwheel.rgb onto the screen
region where simpleblend gets its graphics input: it can help
in becoming familiar with the effects of the luma-key and
chroma-key controls.  Simpleblend requires video hardware with
a video output port.


simplewipe:
-----------

Simplewipe spatially blends video with graphics over time. It 
shows the output in a graphics window and on video out.
With your mouse positioned in the graphics window containing
your blended video, the "w" key executes a rectangular zoom
wipe. This application only runs on video hardware that has
a video output port.

dsktovid
vidtodsk
----------

These examples demonstrate capture and playback of 8-bit YUV 4:2:2
video to a file at real-time rates (provided that the disk 
subsystem can sustain those rates). Direct I/O to and from the VL
buffer is used. Use the '-h' parameter to get a list of options.

scrntodsk
---------

This example demonstrate capture of a part of graphic screen to a file
and display to video output at real-time rates. Use the '-h' parameter 
to get a list of options.

dsktovid_aio
vidtodsk_aio
--------------

These examples demonstrate capture and playback of 8-bit YUV 4:2:2
at real-time rates using direct I/O and asynchronous I/O (provided 
that the disk subsystem can sustain those rates) Use the '-h' 
parameter to get a list of options.

dsktoav
avtodsk
-------

These examples demonstrate using the VL and AL UST and MSC calls to
capture and play back synchronized audio and video. They are based on the
dsktovid and vidtodsk examples for realtime video capture and playback.
dsktoav and avtodsk use the VL_MGV_BUFFER_QUANTUM control to extend the 
VL buffer to a size capable of holding both audio and video. Once both
audio and video have been captured into a VL buffer, it is written to the
disk using (synchronous) direct I/O. 

The files generated by avtodsk are in an "dioav" format, an interleaved
audio/video format optimized for direct I/O. See the file dioav.h for
a description of this file format.

Use the '-h' parameter to get a list of options.

memtocsctovid
vidtocsctomem
-------------

These two examples are specific to IMPACT Video Option Card which depends
on the header <dmedia/vl_mgv.h>. They demonstrate colorspace converion
applied to a vidtomem or memtovid path. The standard RGB <-> YUV conversions
can be performed in limited or full range. Additionally, features particular
to IMPACT Video such as constant hue calculation and alpha correction can be
enabled. Use the '-h' parameter to get a list of options.
