README for audio programming examples

This directory has example audio programs programs for the Silicon
Graphics Audio Library, version 2.

These programs run on all Silicon Graphics audio-equipped workstations
running IRIX 6.3 or later releases.

The programs included are:
	concert_a motifexample aesover1 connect connect2
	disconnect find_digital getconns getgain getrate
	setrate sinput soutput recordexample printdevs
	sync_example waop

concert_a 	is a simple program which demonstrates
		audio output and getting audio sample rates.

motifexample	is a simple multi-process "application" which has
		a Motif UI in one process which sends messages to
		a real-time audio process that plays an audio file.

aesover1	demonstrates setting the output sample-rate to
		an AES-related input rate, where supported.

connect		shows how to connect two audio devices.

connect2	a more robust example: this takes two audio
		devices and connects them, but allows the user
		to specify a specific input on the source device.

disconnect	disconnects a connection between two devices

getconns	shows the connections currently active on the 
		system (you can also use "apanel -print" to do this).

getgain		Shows how to get the gain on a device. Note that
		this simple program is device-independent; it works
		equally well on input and output devices.

getrate		Shows how to get the sample-rate of a device. Note that
		this simple program is device-independent; it works
		equally well on input and output devices.

setrate		Shows how to set the sample-rate on a device. Note that
		this simple program is device-independent; it works
		equally well on input and output devices.

sinput		Set the global default input device

soutput		Sets the global default output device

recordexample	Records audio input to an AIFF file using the
		Audio Library and the Audio File Library.

printdevs	Prints out the devices and interfaces available
		on the system.

sync_example	A simple example of synchronization between two
		audio devices.

find_digital	An example of how to find a digital input device
		on a system. Shows how to use alQueryValues with
		simple qualifiers.

waop		Wide Audio OutPut app takes many input files and
		spreads them across several output devices. Good
		example of sample accurate output synchronization.

audin		A simple program to output audio from an audio 
		device to standard output. Nice for working with
		programs that want audio input on stdin.

audout		A simple program to take audio from stdin and 
		output to an audio device. Nice for working with
		programs that want audio output to stdout.

widerecord	A program to record across a set of synchronized
		audio devices into a single wide audio file.

wideplay	Play a wide audio file, but mix it down to a
		single device. This program is an example of
		how to mix audio.

events		A simple example of how to receive events with
		the Audio Library.
